music
It's a quarter to four and I have a production meeting app for it.
I plan to take you for a ride in Central Park in a horse and carriage.
Harry I'd love to but I have work to do.
Okay we'll walk back to your office with you.
So nice out.
I decided to forget about my accounting problems and just enjoy this beautiful spring day.
Take the time Susan.
I know I should but well there are too many things to do.
I understand I'll go for the ride with Michelle.
Right well I had a really nice time.
So did I.
I'm sorry you can't come with us, Susan.
So am I.
Bye bye.
Harry Michelle.
Can you wait till I make a phone call?
Sure.
Susan Stewart's office.
Sam this is Susan.
Hi how was lunch?
Fine.
You're late.
The production department's waiting in the conference room.
I know.
As Paul Smith to fill in for me he knows everything about the production schedule
and he can answer any questions.
Right.
Don't tell anyone but I'm taking a little time to smell the flowers.
Good for you it'll be our secret.
But schedule another production meeting for tomorrow.
I'll be back for my six o'clock appointment with Mr. Rosawa.
Okay Susan and have a nice afternoon.
Thanks.
I know I like her.
How'd you do?
We had a talk.
About what?
Lights.
And what'd you decide?
That's a secret.
Can you get a swimming?